I am learning that some of the more difficult and common tasks for  both, front-end and junior developers, are to refactor existing code.  Refactor is to improve code provided, without changing what it does; or meeting a certain set of standards, or implementing new technology.  A practice I adopted, and I believe is a common courtesy to bestow unto others, is when one party working with another party's code, incorporate "The Scout Rule."  The Scout Rule is really a recommendation, stating to always leave the code given to you to refactor, cleaner than when you found it. "CLEAN UP SOMEONE ELSE'S MESS,"  You may/maynot be thinking; but that is not the way that I suggest you think.  A good way you can impress your clients is going the extra mile:  improve any/all codebase(s) for long-term sustainability, etc.; i. e. ensure all links are functioning, correctly.  Have you ever considered reworking the CSS: to make it more efficient (you could do achieve this by consolidating CSS selectors and properties).  Does your codebase, which you refactor, follow the semantic structure of the HTML elements?  Have you ever considered including comments before each element/section of the page?  If you can refactor code, and everyone should be able to extend courtesy for their fellow person/temmate/client; then you are on your way to a successful career: so long as you keep learning, and applying what you learn.  In this repository, I will mimic what it's like to have a marketing agency hire our firm; and ask us to refactor their existing site- IT'S ALREADY ESTABLISHED- they just need us to make it more accessible. 

As developers, we Must make web accessibility an important consideration for businesses we develop for.  By doing so, it will ensure that all people (disable or not) can access a website: because anyone not able to access a site, is another potential customer loss, revenue not gain; and not to mention litigation that can occur when people, who have with disabilities, cannot access a website the business hired YOU to develop/refactor (#FACT).  Plus, the more accessible sites are better positioned in search engines (Bing, Google, Yahoo!, Baidu, Yandex, Ask.com, and DuckDuckGo are only  a few).  Search Engine Optimization (SEO) is everything and every bit of a necessary survival element EVERY business  or organization needs- it's vital; so it is with an assessible website.  Just as some people may/may not wear glasses to read, some people use assistive technologies (video captions, screen readers, braille keyboards, etc.) in their day to to day operations.  When you, the developer, make a website more accessible, you not only enable an organization to succeed, you enable the user, who needs a site to have certain functions, the ability to operate as their fellow person; which makes them feel like a complete person, not forgotten or less valued.  Remember this, as a developer, your goal should be designing experiences that makes people's lives simple; because as developers, we solve problems that people didn't even knew they had, even better, in a way that they did not understand: We are the super heroes and heriones of tomorrow; so get coding, and I hope this repository helps you along your development. - Frederick Thomas, Super Coding Ninja

